hello everyone I've recently taken up
the game of chess because as you know
I'm quite cool as it turns out i am
terrible at chess I've lost almost every
game i played against my boyfriend to
the point where he is clearly trying now
to let me win but i'm still not capable
of winning when he tries to let me win
because he can't let me win so much
that's embarrassing we've entered into a
social contract and i have to make the
excuse at the end we're like ah I knew
you were trying to let me win and I have
to pretend that I folded my game just
add pride I've pride pride I gotta get
good at chess fast and what better way
to do that than to play the only person
I can beat myself before we begin I'll
tell you this I will destroy me opening
move I knew I would open that way I'm
gonna pop the nut up whoo good move
thank me how could I leave my night so
undefended that is just like me I'm
popping my bishop out much like the
bishop piece of chess bishops in real
life can only move diagonally remember
that if a bishops ever chasing you in
the woods what am I to do the Queen can
move any amount of spaces in any
direction so it's one of your primary
attacking pieces as the female it has to
go and do the work while the King just
stays back and has to not die just like
in real life am i right ladies I'm right
do you any idea what I'm up to right now
I'm not gonna believe this but I do oh
my god I sacrifice this pawn as if it
were some kind of now I can't think of
the word I know what word you're
thinking of
no I don't if you're tired of me imagine
how I feel I have to spend every day
with me I can say that again whose turn
is it oh right it's mine he's castling
against me more like he is hassling
against me checkmate I pinned me in the
corner just like a spider did to me the
other day am I gonna chess now Brooks
what are they supposed to be it's like a
castle that's just moving forwards in
sideways that's just more like a brook
is a brook something that moves forward
in sideways that'll probably get edited
out